<!--
date: '2008-06-09'
published: true
slug: 2008-06-fwd-vk
time_to_read: 5
title: 'Fwd: VK'
-->

Vernon Koekemoer makes onions cry

Vernon Koekemoer can delete the Recycle Bin.

Ghosts are actually caused by Vernon Koekemoer killing people faster  
than Death can process them.

Vernon Koekemoer can build a snowman..... out of rain.

Vernon Koekemoer can strangle you with a cordless phone.

Vernon Koekemoer can drown a fish.

When Vernon Koekemoer enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he  
turns the dark off.

When Vernon Koekemoer looks in a mirror the mirror shatters, because  
not even glass is stupid enough to get in between Vernon Koekemoer and  
Vernon Koekemoer

Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards, Vernon Koekemoer can  
throw Brett Favre even further.

The last digit of p is Vernon Koekemoer. He is the end of all things.

Vernon Koekemoer does not know where you live, but he knows where you will die.

Bullets dodge Vernon Koekemoer

A Handicap parking sign does not signify that this spot is for  
handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot  
belongs to Vernon Koekemoer and that you will be handicapped if you  
park there.

The Vernon Koekemoer calendar goes straight from March 31st to April  
2nd, no one fools Vernon Koekemoer.

If you spell Vernon Koekemoer wrong on Google it doesn't say, "Did you  
mean Vernon Koekemoer?" It simply replies, "Run while you still have  
the chance."

Vernon Koekemoer can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

Once a cobra bit Vernon Koekemoer' leg. After five days of  
excruciating pain, the cobra died.

When Vernon Koekemoer gives you the finger, he's telling you how many  
seconds you have left to live.

Vernon Koekemoer can kill two stones with one bird.

Vernon Koekemoer was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the  
first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone  
standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.

Leading hand sanitisers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs.  
Vernon Koekemoer kills 100 percent of whatever he wants.

There is no such thing as global warming. Vernon Koekemoer was cold,  
so he turned the sun up.

Vernon Koekemoer can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.

Vernon Koekemoer has a deep and abiding respect for human life unless  
it gets in his way.

It takes Vernon Koekemoer 10 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.

Vernon Koekemoer once shot down a German fighter plane with his  
finger, by yelling, "Bang!"

In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Vernon Koekemoer  
could use to kill you, including the room itself.

Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man,  
there is Vernon Koekemoer.

Vernon Koekemoer destroyed the periodic table, because Vernon  
Koekemoer only recognises the element of surprise.

Vernon Koekemoer got his drivers licence at the age of 16 Seconds.

With the rising cost of gasoline, Vernon Koekemoer is beginning to  
worry about his drinking habit.

The square root of Vernon Koekemoer is pain. Do not try to square  
Vernon Koekemoer, the result is death.

When you say "no one's perfect", Vernon Koekemoer takes this as a  
personal insult.

[Original post](https://ysfk.blogspot.com/2008/06/fwd-vk.html)

#legacy-blogger 